Added How to edit Wiki pages via web browser and More Markdown examples (#1)
rhino-linux/wiki: pages/dev/wiki.mdx

- **Tip**: Use a welcoming tone, especially for beginners. For example:
  "Don’t worry if this seems complex at first—follow along step by step, and you’ll get there!"

## How to edit Wiki pages via web browser
1. Go to https://github.com/rhino-linux/wiki, login and find the page, as an example this page is here https://github.com/rhino-linux/wiki/blob/main/pages/dev/wiki.mdx
2. Above the file content, click on the pen icon. When asked, click "Fork this repository"
3. In the text box, make any changes you need to the file.
4. Above the new content, click Preview to see your changes. *NOTE!* Some formatting will be shown wrong in the preview, If you want to test how it will look, you can paste the code into [stackedit.io](https://stackedit.io/app#) and see how it looks there in reality.
5. Click Commit changes...
6. In the "Commit message" field, type a short message that describes the change you made to the file

> 7. Click Propose changes

Author: ```suggestion
7. Click "Create pull request"
```

> 8. Type a title and description for your pull request.

Author: ```suggestion
8. Check the title and description for your pull request.
```

**EXAMPLE**
&#96;&#96;&#96;
git status
git add
git commit
&#96;&#96;&#96;
**OUTPUT**
```
git status
git add
git commit
```

----
### Links
Text in brackets \[ \] and URL in parentheses ( )
**EXAMPLE**
Find info in the \[Wiki\](https://wiki.rhinolinux.org/dev/wiki\)
**OUTPUT**
Find info in the [Wiki](https://wiki.rhinolinux.org/dev/wiki)

----
### Images
Text in brackets !\[alt text\] and URL in parentheses ( =size). `=size` is optional
**EXAMPLE**
See picture !\[Rhino favicon\](https://wiki.rhinolinux.org/favicon.svg =50x50)
**OUTPUT**
See picture ![Rhino favicon](https://wiki.rhinolinux.org/favicon.svg =50x50)

----
### Lists
Unordered list with -, *, or +. Ordered list, precede each line with a number. 
**EXAMPLE**
```
- Rhino
* Debian
+ Ubuntu

1. Rhino
2. Debian
3. Ubuntu
```
**OUTPUT**
- Rhino
* Debian
+ Ubuntu

1. Rhino
2. Debian
3. Ubuntu

To make nested lists, type space characters in front of your nested list item until the list marker character (- or *) lies directly below the first character of the text in the item above it.
**EXAMPLE**
```
1. Rhino
   * Debian
     * Ubuntu
```
**OUTPUT**
1. Rhino
   * Debian
     * Ubuntu

> ----

Author: ```suggestion
----
## Tabels
Use `| |` for columns and line break for rows. Use `<br>` for a line break in a cell. You can align text to the left, right, or center of a column by including colons `:` to the left, right, or on both sides of the hyphens `-` within the header row.
**EXAMPLE**
```
| Header 1 | Header 2 | Header 3 | Header 4 |
|   ---    |  :---    |  :---:   |   ---:   |
| Standard-| Left-    | Center-  | Right-<br>aligned|
|  aligned | aligned  | aligned  |          |
| Rhino <br> Wiki | Debian | Ubuntu | Linux |

```
**OUTPUT**

| Header 1 | Header 2 | Header 3 | Header 4 |
|   ---    |  :---    |  :---:   |   ---:   |
| Standard-| Left-    | Center-  | Right-<br>aligned|
|  aligned | aligned  | aligned  |          |
| Rhino <br> Wiki | Debian | Ubuntu | Linux |

----
```

### Horizontal rules
Add a line that's a series of dashes - - -. The line above the line containing the - - - must be blank.
**EXAMPLE**
```
Above

----
Below
```
**OUTPUT**
Above

----
Below

----
### Using comments
You can use comment with \<!--  --\>
**EXAMPLE**
\<!-- This is a comment --\>
**OUTPUT**
<!-- This is a comment -->

----
### Ignoring Markdown formatting
To ignore Markdown formatting for a character use &#92; before the Markdown character.
**EXAMPLE**
&#92;<!-- This is a comment --&#92;>
&#92;# This is NOT a H1 header
**OUTPUT**
\<!-- This is a comment --\>
\# This is NOT a H1 header

To write special characters
**EXAMPLE**
Enter `&#92;` to get &#92;

> Enter `&#95;` to get &#95;

Author: ```suggestion
Enter `&#95;` to get &#95;
Enter `&#96;` to get &#96;
```
